  We utilized resources like ChatGPT and the Google search engine to gather initial information.  Concurrently, we assembled a group of individuals proficient in competitive programming knowledge. We manually refined and summarized the descriptions of each algorithm and data structure tag (these tags include all tags of CodeF problems).  
Our Knowledge Library is stored in the form of a dictionary, with each tag and its knowledge forming a one to-one correspondence, i.e., {“tag”: “knowledge”}.  Ultimately, weintegrated this information to construct our Knowledge Library. 
  The Knowledge Library we devised principally assumes the following three formats:
  1. Knowledge Description: This format provides a definitive overview of algorithms and data structures knowledge, encompassing descriptions of their properties and definitions. With this type of Knowledge Library, ChatGPT can comprehend the basic characteristics and applications of the corresponding algorithms and data structures, thereby generating appropriate problem-solving prompts.
  2. Knowledge Pseudo-Code: This type of Knowledge Library offers pseudo-code explanations of algorithms and data structures. Pseudo-code mimics programming language syntax to detail the steps and procedures involved in algorithms and data structures. By studying the information in this type of Knowledge Library, one can understand the specific implementation of the corresponding programming knowledge, resulting in prompt skewed towards solution steps.
  3. Knowledge Step of Pseudo-Code: This form of Knowledge Library provides a textual step-by-step explanation of the pseudo-code associated with algorithms and data structures knowledge. With its assistance, ChatGPT can understand the steps and flow of programming knowledge from a natural language perspective.

